The SGC is copyrighted by the CCI. Do not use without permission. 
Any middle or high school aged student who is apart of a three to six person team is eligible to participate. Ages 11 to 18 are permitted. If you are of age but enrolled in college courses, we will not permit involvement. 
Students passing from junior high to high school and wish to stay with their junior high team are allowed to do so. No other exceptions for those aged 14 and above will be made. Students not wishing to stay with their junior high team will need to compete on a high school aged team. 
All coaches and students must use the SGC DISCORD Server during the entirety of the competition in the assigned voice and text Channels.
Make sure that everyone on your team is in the SGC DISCORD Server in order to participate.
Coaches, parents, administrators, or any other non-competitors are not allowed in the team DISCORD Channels. DISCORD Channels are checked regularly and those that have non-competitors in a DISCORD Channel will result in disqualification for the participating team. 
Make sure you complete the Pre Qualification steps and READ ALL THE RELEVANT INFORMATION once given access to the competition website.
Use DISCORD during the competition for any and all tech support needs and requests. 
Use academic integrity, ethics and honesty, report alleged cheating to SGC staff in DISCORD and you will be rewarded!
All flags must be acquired by the students through their solving the puzzles within their teams.
Coaches/parents cannot help with any part of SGC under any circumstance, only student competitors. 
Teams may not collaborate with any other teams under any circumstance.
Teams and coaches may not attempt to hack the rooms or puzzles to acquire flags.
Intentional harassment of other SGC users is prohibited. 
Intentional destruction of or damage to equipment, software, or data belonging to Cal Poly, SGC, or any other user or entity is prohibited.
Intentional disruption or unauthorized monitoring of electronic communications is prohibited.
Intentional denial of services to users is prohibited, including all domains associated with SGC.
The use of any technologies must be legal and ethical.
The SGC will not be used for illegal or disruptive purposes.
Every single person in the DISCORD Server must maintain the server as a safe, kind, fun, and welcoming space. 
Team must use appropriate team names. 
Users in the DISCORD Server must use first and last name as their handles for identification purposes. Those who do not will be unable to compete. 
Harassment, profanity, and other explicit or inappropriate behavior will not be tolerated. After three warnings, any participants in violation will be disqualified from the competition and the associated team will receive penalty points. 
During the competition, users are prohibited from administering any actions that penetrate, attack, hack, or disrupt with any team’s information or participants computer systems/servers and or manipulate the scoring system.
Users are prohibited from visiting any illegal or inappropriate websites while competing in the SGC competition. 
Collection, dispersion, and harboring of any sexually related content, including but not limited to inappropriate emojis, language, CSAM, pornography, etc on the DISCORD Server and during the competition will result in disqualification from the competition and from participating in any future SGC events.
Depending upon the content shared SGC staff will work with law enforcement to mitigate legal concerns. 
SGC participants and coaches are expected to act in a manner befitting professional cybersecurity practitioners during the SGC, information sessions, and in any other related activities. 
Professional conduct is required in all communications with SGC staff, competitors, coaches, and any affiliates. Including, but not limited to social media, choice of handles, images, voice, chat, surveys, and email. 
Spectators, coaches, administrators, parents, and any other non-competitors behaving in an unprofessional manner will be warned and or asked to leave the physical and/or virtual space entirely.
Attacks on the scoring systems are strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to launching automated scans or tools targeted towards the scoring system, attempting injections, or altering targets. Players found manipulating, or attempting to manipulate, the scoring system will be immediately disqualified from the competition and any future SGC events. 
Scoring is outsourced to PerformanScore and all subsequent competition data is maintained by SGC staff. 
All scores will be shared as soon as possible after the competition.
A scoreboard will be available and automatically updated on competition-day. 
Any action that interrupts the scoring system is exclusively the responsibility of the acting individual/team and will result in point penalties/disqualification. 
Any questions about the mechanics of the scoring system will be addressed after the competition and final scores are posted. Questions of score legitimacy will be addressed accordingly, but not absolutely. 
All scores are FINAL. 
Leaderboard scores are subject to change after the end of the competition based on analysis of results.
Participants are forbidden from publishing, posting on the Internet, or publicly communicating details of SGC. This includes, but is not limited to the disclosure of challenges, flags, clues, and solutions for both individuals and teams. 
All participants will need to have a waiver signed by parent or guardian. 
Incomplete applications will not be considered. 
No late entries after deadline or changing team participants after submission of Cognito form.